Q) When a browser connects to a web server to retrieve a document, what default TCP/IP port is used?
A) 80

Q) When a browser connects to a web server to retrieve a document, what command is sent to the server?
A) GET

Q) What does the second "T" of HTTP stand for?
A) Transfer

Q) Which of the following is NOT part of a Uniform Resource Locator:
A) Operating System

Q) Which HTML tag typically generates a request to retrieve a document from the server when it is clicked?
A) a

Q) What standards organization publishes many of the documents that describe the protocols we use on the Internet?
A) IETF

Q) Which of the HTTP headers does the browser look at to decide how to display the retrieved document?
A) Content-type

Q) In Python, what is the difference between an open file and a socket?
A) A socket can be simultaneously read and written

Q) What must happen before a client can open a socket?
A) A server must be running that is listening for socket connections

Q) What port is used for Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP)?
A) 25

Q) What port is used by default for Secure HTTP (https)?
A) 443

Q) What is the topic of the Internet Engineering Task Force document RFC2616?
A) HTTP - HyperText Transfer Protocol

Q) What is the topic of the Internet Engineering Task Force document RFC42?
A) Message Data Types

Q) Which of these Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) documents described the "Internet Control Message Protocol"?
A) RFC792

Q) What is the purpose of encode() in the socket1.py code:
A) To convert the data to UTF-8 before sending

Q) What can't you see in the Browser Developer Mode for most browsers?
A) The code that runs in the server

A) In the sample server.py code, which function call actually waits for incoming socket connection requests?
A) listen()

Q) In the sample server.py code, which function call will fail if another application is already using a port?
A) bind()

Q) Which Python library makes it very easy to make HTTP requests from Python?
A) urllib